hello to all girls in this video
tutorial I will show you how to do this
very simple nail art and where I did it
a white french accompanied by a
wavy strip and fatah big litter
it's very simple to do
very particular is very delicate ea
my opinion decorah very nails too
if it is very simple as you can see
and then the products we need
I am a nail base I am
using this beauty in
protecting the scott and is the first base
that I've never used because not
never used base and I must say that I
is very pleased and therefore of the
advice then we need a polish
white of the glitter
I'm using these glitter
tending to purple but inside they have
in serious use cited tell her year of glitter
on the electric blue light dark violet
in short, there are colors but it is
I 'm really really beautiful
glitter then we need a brush from
nail art
a fan brush a small box a
container to pour all the
glitter and finally a top coat the enamel
transparent I'm using this
of the study sciences nile santis plate
in the selection is and is the best I have
never used
so I highly recommend it really
very very good then we start immediately
taking our base extending it up
all the nails after that will be well
dry
I 've already done this step later
that it will be very dry we go to take
our white nail polish to go to
make arrows and en frange e
really I've already done it is really
very simple then just take it
a little product with the brush call
little
keep your finger still and go to
only move the brush in
this way first on one side then
you always regret a poor product
and do the same thing on the other hand
stop your finger and move only the
brush in this way
then if you want let it dry and then
go over to redefine denis contours
it is really very very simple if then
you have problems I'll also make a video
tutorial where I will show you how to do it
France in detail
then after that ours will be very dry
our french we take ours
our glitter our container
nail art brush and our top
cooked clear enamel we go to
take one with our small brush
small amount right on the tip e
let's go for a wavy strip
that does not end just at the end
of the nail but it goes there a little almost to the
center see how these are not
gone right at the end of the nail but
he am I limited myself to remain one
little more towards the center we say in the middle
the review because I prefer to take it
little by little rather than take it
lot
ok now let's take our little brush
our clippers and wood opponents on
ours on our fingernail
we start to crush them gently
on the nail so that they adhere
perfectly with enamel and after
we always remove gently
here is if the curves do not exist there
like how she managed very well there isn't
need to remove all protection
social we have always done with
fan brush we can go to
straighten all our design
in this way ok now we can
take our top coat and it
we spread over all the nails
very well
as you can see it was very simple and if
you have problems for the french let me
to know that I will make a video then of when
I will show you how to do mine well
tutor and infinity I hope you enjoyed
and I am waiting for you at the next video kisses